in_tail: Add a description and note for Unicode.Encoding parameter (#1471)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/tail.md

| `Static_Batch_Size` | Set the maximum number of bytes to process per iteration for the monitored static files (files that already exist upon Fluent Bit start). | `50M` |
| `File_Cache_Advise` | Set the `posix_fadvise` in `POSIX_FADV_DONTNEED` mode. This reduces the usage of the kernel file cache. This option is ignored if not running on Linux. | `On` |
| `Threaded` | Indicates whether to run this input in its own [thread](../../administration/multithreading.md#inputs). | `false` |

> | `Unicode.Encoding` | Set the encoding which the origin of character encoding. Currently, UTF-16LE, UTF-16BE, and auto is supported. | _none_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Unicode.Encoding` | Set the Unicode character encoding of the file data. This parameter requests two-byte aligned chunk and buffer sizes. If data is not aligned for two bytes, Fluent Bit will use two-byte alignment automatically to avoid character breakages on consuming boundaries. Supported values: `UTF-16LE`, `UTF-16BE`, and `auto`. | _none_ |
```

{% hint style="info" %}
If the database parameter `DB` isn't specified, by default the plugin reads each target file from the beginning. This might cause unwanted behavior. For example, when a line is bigger than `Buffer_Chunk_Size` and `Skip_Long_Lines` isn't turned on, the file will be read from the beginning of each `Refresh_Interval` until the file is rotated.
{% endhint %}

> {% hint style="info" %}
> Note that `Unicode.Encoding` depends on simdutf library which is written in C++11 or above.
> So, the older platforms are not supported for this feature.
> In addition, `Unicode.Encoding auto` is not covered for the all of the usages.
> This is because sometimes this auto-detecting for character encodings makes a mistake to guess the correct encoding.
> We recommend to use `UTF-16LE` or `UTF-16BE` if the target file encoding is pre-determined or known beforehand.
> In details, this parameter requests to use 2-bytes aligned chunk and buffer sizes.
> If they are not aligned for 2 bytes, Fluent Bit will use 2-bytes alignments automatically to avoid character breakages on consuming boundaries.
> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
The `Unicode.Encoding` parameter is dependent on the simdutf library, which is itself dependent on C++ version 11 or later. In environments that use earlier versions of C++, the `Unicode.Encoding` parameter will fail.

Additionally, the `auto` setting for `Unicode.Encoding` isn't supported in all cases, and can make mistakes when it tries to guess the correct encoding. For best results, use either the `UTF-16LE` or `UTF-16BE` setting if you know the encoding type of the target file.
{% endhint %}
```
I moved the byte info to the parameter description itself 🙂hopefully the rest sounds okay and I didn't make any changes that created inaccuracies.  

also, just to let you know... I know in the past we've asked people to use short line wraps like in your original text, but GitBook recently changed how it parses files and now it'll replicate the literal line breaks in its rendered output, which can cause some strange results. not a big deal, and we're happy to check that before merging any PRs, but I thought I should explain why I combined some of those short lines into longer lines 😅
